remove old version command from issue template (#9194)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

### Logs

Please consider your privacy, before completing this section.  
You can find the `Logs` file in the dropdown menu of the search bar or inside your Wasabi data folder.

### Wasabi Version

Which wasabi release are you using? Where did you download it from?  

> You can figure out which version you are using by choosing `About Wasabi` from dropdown menu in the search bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can figure out which version you are using by choosing `About Wasabi` from the dropdown menu in the search bar.
```

Reviewer 2: Max asked to merge this, so I will do it - if this is still a think create another PR with it.

### Wasabi Version

Which wasabi release are you using? Where did you download it from?  

> You can figure out which version you are using from the main menu: `Help/About`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can figure out which version you are using by choosing `About Wasabi` from dropdown menu in the search bar.
```
